---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "statsig_gate Resource - terraform-provider-statsig"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# statsig_gate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `creator_email` (String)
- `creator_id` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `id_type` (String)
- `is_enabled` (Boolean)
- `measure_metric_lifts` (Boolean)
- `monitoring_metrics` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--monitoring_metrics))
- `name` (String) id
- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tags` (List of String)
- `target_apps` (List of String)
- `team` (String)
- `type` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--monitoring_metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_metrics`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) An array of Condition objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--conditions))
- `name` (String) The name of this rule.
- `pass_percentage` (Number) Of the users that meet the conditions of this rule, what percent should return true.

Optional:

- `base_id` (String) The base ID of this rule, i.e. without any added metadata. Will remain the exact same throughout
- `environments` (List of String) The environments this rule is enabled for.
- `id` (String) The Statsig ID of this rule.
- `return_value` (Attributes) The return value of the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--return_value))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `custom_id` (String)
- `field` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `target_value` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules--return_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.return_value`


