---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "statsig_metric_source Resource - terraform-provider-statsig"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# statsig_metric_source (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id_type_mapping` (Attributes List) Array defining the mapping between Statsig unit IDs and their respective source columns. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--id_type_mapping))
- `name` (String) The name of the metric source, serving as its primary identifier.
- `sql` (String) The SQL query or statement used to extract data from the metric source.
- `timestamp_column` (String) The name of the column containing timestamp data for the metric source.

### Optional

- `custom_field_mapping` (Attributes List) Optional array defining mappings for custom fields using specific formulas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_field_mapping))
- `description` (String) An optional description for the metric source, providing context and details about its purpose and usage.
- `is_read_only` (Boolean) Specifies if the source can only be edited via the Console API.
- `owner` (Attributes) Schema for owner data including ID, type, name. Note that if Entity is created by CONSOLE API, owner will be undefined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `source_type` (String) The type of source, indicating whether it is a database table or a custom query.
- `table_name` (String) The name of the database table if the source type is "table".
- `tags` (List of String) Optional array of tags to categorize the metric source, facilitating easier organization and retrieval.
- `timestamp_as_day` (Boolean) Indicates whether the timestamp should be treated as a day-level granularity.

<a id="nestedatt--id_type_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `id_type_mapping`

Required:

- `column` (String) The corresponding column name in the source that relates to the Statsig unit ID.
- `statsig_unit_id` (String) The identifier mapping for Statsig units.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_field_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_field_mapping`

Required:

- `formula` (String) The formula or expression used to compute the custom field value.
- `key` (String) The identifier for the custom field mapping.


<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Optional:

- `owner_email` (String) The email of the owner. This field is optional.
- `owner_id` (String) ID of the owner
- `owner_name` (String) The name of the owner. This field is optional.
- `owner_type` (String) Type of the owner (e.g., SDK_KEY or USER)


